README.md, before:

# Cloudflare Booth Puzzle System

> **⚠️ Vibe Coding Experiment Disclaimer**  
> This project is a vibe coding experiment - built for fun, exploration, and learning. The code, architecture, documentation (including this README), and features were developed in an experimental, iterative manner. While functional, this should be considered a proof-of-concept rather than production-ready enterprise software. Use at your own discretion! 🚀

A comprehensive Cloudflare Workers application for managing interactive puzzles at cybersecurity conferences. This system replaces traditional cardboard puzzles with a digital solution that includes puzzle display, attendee submission, and winner selection.

## Features

### 🧩 Puzzle Display
- Beautiful, responsive puzzle interface optimized for vertical displays
- QR code generation for easy mobile access
- Real-time puzzle updates and reshuffling
- Auto-refresh functionality to switch between puzzle and winner wheel modes
- Supports multiple conferences simultaneously
- Optimized for audience viewing on large vertical monitors

### 👨‍💼 Admin Interface
- Horizontal layout optimized for laptop screens
- Conference management (create, activate, finish)
- Puzzle reshuffling with new solutions
- Real-time monitoring of submissions and statistics
- Winner wheel for raffle selection
- Collapsible conference history section
- One-click display mode switching (puzzle ↔ winner wheel)

### 📱 Mobile Submission
- Mobile-optimized submission form with Turnstile CAPTCHA
- Auto-advancing digit inputs
- Real-time validation and feedback
- Secure data storage in Cloudflare KV
- Test submission endpoint for bulk data generation

### 🎡 Winner Selection
- Full-screen animated spinning wheel interface
- Automatic filtering of correct submissions only
- Visual participant display with scrollable list
- Randomized winner selection with smooth animations
- Contest ending functionality with winner preservation
- Auto-refresh to sync with admin display mode changes

## Architecture

- **Frontend**: Vanilla HTML/CSS/JavaScript with modern responsive design
- **Backend**: Cloudflare Workers with KV storage
- **Puzzle Logic**: Hardcoded algorithm generating valid number sequence puzzles
- **Storage**: Cloudflare KV for conferences, submissions, and state management

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
- Node.js and npm installed
- Cloudflare account with Workers enabled
- Wrangler CLI installed (`npm install -g wrangler`)

### 1. Clone and Setup
```bash
git clone <your-repo>
cd cloudflare-booth-puzzle
npm install -g wrangler
```

### 2. Configure Cloudflare KV
```bash
# Create KV namespace for production
wrangler kv:namespace create "PUZZLE_KV"

# Create KV namespace for preview/development
wrangler kv:namespace create "PUZZLE_KV" --preview
```

### 3. Update wrangler.toml
Replace the KV namespace IDs in `wrangler.toml` with your actual namespace IDs:

```toml
[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "PUZZLE_KV"
id = "your_production_kv_namespace_id"
preview_id = "your_preview_kv_namespace_id"
```

### 4. Deploy
```bash
# Deploy to production
wrangler deploy

# Or deploy to preview
wrangler dev
```

## Usage Guide

### For Conference Setup
1. Access the admin interface at `https://your-worker.your-subdomain.workers.dev/admin`
2. Create a new conference with a descriptive name
3. Note the conference ID generated
4. Display the puzzle on your booth monitor: `https://your-worker.your-subdomain.workers.dev/puzzle?conference=your-conference-id`

### For Attendees
1. Scan the QR code displayed on the puzzle screen
2. Enter the 3-digit solution
3. Provide name and email for raffle entry
4. Submit and receive confirmation

### For Prize Drawing
1. In the admin interface, click "Spin the Wheel!" to automatically switch the display to winner mode
2. The puzzle display will auto-refresh and show the spinning wheel (within 3 seconds)
3. Click "SPIN THE WHEEL!" to randomly select a winner
4. Click "END CONTEST & SAVE WINNER" to finalize and save the winner
5. The display will show the final winner announcement (no redirect to admin)

## API Endpoints

### Public Endpoints (No Authentication)
- `GET /` - Main puzzle display
- `GET /puzzle` - Puzzle display with conference parameter  
- `GET /submit` - Submission form
- `POST /api/submit` - Submit puzzle answer (Turnstile protected)
- `GET /winner` - Winner wheel display
- `GET /api/display-mode/{id}` - Get current display mode (proxy)
- `POST /api/admin/{id}/switch-to-winner` - Admin proxy for display switching (public for reliability)
- `POST /api/admin/{id}/switch-to-puzzle` - Admin proxy for display switching (public for reliability)

### Protected Endpoints (Cloudflare Access + Service Tokens)
- `GET /admin` - Admin interface
- `GET /api/conferences` - List all conferences
- `POST /api/conferences` - Create new conference
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/reshuffle` - Generate new puzzle
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/finish` - End contest
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/switch-to-winner` - Switch display to winner wheel
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/switch-to-puzzle` - Switch display to puzzle
- `GET /api/conferences/{id}/display-mode` - Get display mode
- `GET /api/conferences/{id}/submission-count` - Get submission statistics
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/reopen` - Reopen finished contest
- `POST /api/end-contest` - End contest with winner selection
- `GET /api/submissions` - View submissions

## Puzzle Logic

The system generates number sequence puzzles with exactly **5 clues** of the following types:
1. **One number is correct but wrongly placed**: One digit from the solution appears in the clue but in the wrong position
2. **One number is correct but wrongly placed**: Another digit from the solution appears in the clue but in the wrong position  
3. **Two numbers are correct and well placed**: Two digits from the solution appear in their correct positions
4. **Two numbers are correct but wrongly placed**: Two digits from the solution appear in the clue but both are in wrong positions
5. **Nothing is correct**: None of the digits in this clue appear in the solution

Each puzzle has a unique 3-digit solution with no repeated digits that can be determined by analyzing all 5 clues together.

## Data Storage

### Conference Data Structure
```json
{
  "id": "conference-id",
  "name": "Conference Name",
  "puzzle": {
    "solution": [1, 2, 3],
    "clues": [
      {
        "numbers": [5, 7, 9],
        "hint": "All are correct but only one is placed correctly"
      }
    ]
  },
  "active": true,
  "created": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

### Submission Data Structure
```json
{
  "id": "submission-uuid",
  "conferenceId": "conference-id",
  "answer": [1, 2, 3],
  "name": "Attendee Name",
  "email": "attendee@example.com",
  "correct": true,
  "timestamp": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

## Security Considerations

- No authentication required for puzzle viewing (public display)
- Admin interface has no built-in authentication (add Cloudflare Access if needed)
- All submissions are stored with timestamps for audit trails
- CORS enabled for API endpoints
- Input validation on all form submissions

## Customization

### Styling
- Modify CSS variables in the HTML templates to match your branding
- Update colors, fonts, and layout in the embedded styles
- Replace Cloudflare logo and branding as needed

### Puzzle Generation
- Modify the `generatePuzzle()` function to change puzzle complexity
- Add new clue types or modify existing hint text
- Integrate with Workers AI for dynamic puzzle generation

### Features
- Add email notifications for winners
- Integrate with external CRM systems
- Add analytics and reporting
- Implement multi-language support

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues
1. **KV Namespace Errors**: Ensure KV namespace IDs are correctly configured
2. **CORS Issues**: Check that CORS headers are properly set for your domain
3. **QR Code Not Loading**: Verify the QR code library CDN is accessible
4. **Puzzle Not Generating**: Check browser console for JavaScript errors

### Debugging
- Use `wrangler tail` to view real-time logs
- Check the Cloudflare dashboard for error rates and performance metrics
- Use browser developer tools to debug frontend issues

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For issues and questions:
- Check the troubleshooting section above
- Review Cloudflare Workers documentation
- Open an issue in the repository
- Contact the development team

---

Built with ❤️ for the cybersecurity community using Cloudflare Workers.

Commit message:

Added note pointing to the new DO-based version.

README.md, after:

# Cloudflare Booth Puzzle System

  > **⚠️ Vibe Coding Experiment Disclaimer**  
  > This project is a vibe coding experiment - built for fun, exploration, and learning. The code, architecture, documentation (including this README), and features were developed in an experimental, iterative manner. While functional, this should be considered a proof-of-concept rather than production-ready enterprise software. Use at your own discretion! 🚀
  
  A comprehensive Cloudflare Workers application for managing interactive puzzles at cybersecurity conferences. This system replaces traditional cardboard puzzles with a digital solution that includes puzzle display, attendee submission, and winner selection.
  
  > **Note:** There is an improved, faster version of this project that uses Durable Objects instead of KV. Check it out here: https://github.com/mcdays94/cloudflare-booth-puzzle-do
  
  
  ## Features
  
### 🧩 Puzzle Display
- Beautiful, responsive puzzle interface optimized for vertical displays
- QR code generation for easy mobile access
- Real-time puzzle updates and reshuffling
- Auto-refresh functionality to switch between puzzle and winner wheel modes
- Supports multiple conferences simultaneously
- Optimized for audience viewing on large vertical monitors

### 👨‍💼 Admin Interface
- Horizontal layout optimized for laptop screens
- Conference management (create, activate, finish)
- Puzzle reshuffling with new solutions
- Real-time monitoring of submissions and statistics
- Winner wheel for raffle selection
- Collapsible conference history section
- One-click display mode switching (puzzle ↔ winner wheel)

### 📱 Mobile Submission
- Mobile-optimized submission form with Turnstile CAPTCHA
- Auto-advancing digit inputs
- Real-time validation and feedback
- Secure data storage in Cloudflare KV
- Test submission endpoint for bulk data generation

### 🎡 Winner Selection
- Full-screen animated spinning wheel interface
- Automatic filtering of correct submissions only
- Visual participant display with scrollable list
- Randomized winner selection with smooth animations
- Contest ending functionality with winner preservation
- Auto-refresh to sync with admin display mode changes

## Architecture

- **Frontend**: Vanilla HTML/CSS/JavaScript with modern responsive design
- **Backend**: Cloudflare Workers with KV storage
- **Puzzle Logic**: Hardcoded algorithm generating valid number sequence puzzles
- **Storage**: Cloudflare KV for conferences, submissions, and state management

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
- Node.js and npm installed
- Cloudflare account with Workers enabled
- Wrangler CLI installed (`npm install -g wrangler`)

### 1. Clone and Setup
```bash
git clone <your-repo>
cd cloudflare-booth-puzzle
npm install -g wrangler
```

### 2. Configure Cloudflare KV
```bash
# Create KV namespace for production
wrangler kv:namespace create "PUZZLE_KV"

# Create KV namespace for preview/development
wrangler kv:namespace create "PUZZLE_KV" --preview
```

### 3. Update wrangler.toml
Replace the KV namespace IDs in `wrangler.toml` with your actual namespace IDs:

```toml
[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "PUZZLE_KV"
id = "your_production_kv_namespace_id"
preview_id = "your_preview_kv_namespace_id"
```

### 4. Deploy
```bash
# Deploy to production
wrangler deploy

# Or deploy to preview
wrangler dev
```

## Usage Guide

### For Conference Setup
1. Access the admin interface at `https://your-worker.your-subdomain.workers.dev/admin`
2. Create a new conference with a descriptive name
3. Note the conference ID generated
4. Display the puzzle on your booth monitor: `https://your-worker.your-subdomain.workers.dev/puzzle?conference=your-conference-id`

### For Attendees
1. Scan the QR code displayed on the puzzle screen
2. Enter the 3-digit solution
3. Provide name and email for raffle entry
4. Submit and receive confirmation

### For Prize Drawing
1. In the admin interface, click "Spin the Wheel!" to automatically switch the display to winner mode
2. The puzzle display will auto-refresh and show the spinning wheel (within 3 seconds)
3. Click "SPIN THE WHEEL!" to randomly select a winner
4. Click "END CONTEST & SAVE WINNER" to finalize and save the winner
5. The display will show the final winner announcement (no redirect to admin)

## API Endpoints

### Public Endpoints (No Authentication)
- `GET /` - Main puzzle display
- `GET /puzzle` - Puzzle display with conference parameter  
- `GET /submit` - Submission form
- `POST /api/submit` - Submit puzzle answer (Turnstile protected)
- `GET /winner` - Winner wheel display
- `GET /api/display-mode/{id}` - Get current display mode (proxy)
- `POST /api/admin/{id}/switch-to-winner` - Admin proxy for display switching (public for reliability)
- `POST /api/admin/{id}/switch-to-puzzle` - Admin proxy for display switching (public for reliability)

### Protected Endpoints (Cloudflare Access + Service Tokens)
- `GET /admin` - Admin interface
- `GET /api/conferences` - List all conferences
- `POST /api/conferences` - Create new conference
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/reshuffle` - Generate new puzzle
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/finish` - End contest
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/switch-to-winner` - Switch display to winner wheel
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/switch-to-puzzle` - Switch display to puzzle
- `GET /api/conferences/{id}/display-mode` - Get display mode
- `GET /api/conferences/{id}/submission-count` - Get submission statistics
- `POST /api/conferences/{id}/reopen` - Reopen finished contest
- `POST /api/end-contest` - End contest with winner selection
- `GET /api/submissions` - View submissions

## Puzzle Logic

The system generates number sequence puzzles with exactly **5 clues** of the following types:
1. **One number is correct but wrongly placed**: One digit from the solution appears in the clue but in the wrong position
2. **One number is correct but wrongly placed**: Another digit from the solution appears in the clue but in the wrong position  
3. **Two numbers are correct and well placed**: Two digits from the solution appear in their correct positions
4. **Two numbers are correct but wrongly placed**: Two digits from the solution appear in the clue but both are in wrong positions
5. **Nothing is correct**: None of the digits in this clue appear in the solution

Each puzzle has a unique 3-digit solution with no repeated digits that can be determined by analyzing all 5 clues together.

## Data Storage

### Conference Data Structure
```json
{
  "id": "conference-id",
  "name": "Conference Name",
  "puzzle": {
    "solution": [1, 2, 3],
    "clues": [
      {
        "numbers": [5, 7, 9],
        "hint": "All are correct but only one is placed correctly"
      }
    ]
  },
  "active": true,
  "created": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

### Submission Data Structure
```json
{
  "id": "submission-uuid",
  "conferenceId": "conference-id",
  "answer": [1, 2, 3],
  "name": "Attendee Name",
  "email": "attendee@example.com",
  "correct": true,
  "timestamp": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

## Security Considerations

- No authentication required for puzzle viewing (public display)
- Admin interface has no built-in authentication (add Cloudflare Access if needed)
- All submissions are stored with timestamps for audit trails
- CORS enabled for API endpoints
- Input validation on all form submissions

## Customization

### Styling
- Modify CSS variables in the HTML templates to match your branding
- Update colors, fonts, and layout in the embedded styles
- Replace Cloudflare logo and branding as needed

### Puzzle Generation
- Modify the `generatePuzzle()` function to change puzzle complexity
- Add new clue types or modify existing hint text
- Integrate with Workers AI for dynamic puzzle generation

### Features
- Add email notifications for winners
- Integrate with external CRM systems
- Add analytics and reporting
- Implement multi-language support

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues
1. **KV Namespace Errors**: Ensure KV namespace IDs are correctly configured
2. **CORS Issues**: Check that CORS headers are properly set for your domain
3. **QR Code Not Loading**: Verify the QR code library CDN is accessible
4. **Puzzle Not Generating**: Check browser console for JavaScript errors

### Debugging
- Use `wrangler tail` to view real-time logs
- Check the Cloudflare dashboard for error rates and performance metrics
- Use browser developer tools to debug frontend issues

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For issues and questions:
- Check the troubleshooting section above
- Review Cloudflare Workers documentation
- Open an issue in the repository
- Contact the development team

---

Built with ❤️ for the cybersecurity community using Cloudflare Workers.
